TODO.md, before:

# Todo
- [ ] HTML converter

# Enchantments

- [ ] Option to ignore wrong tags
- [ ] Option to not show private (not exported) functions
- [ ] Params support for ..., meaning the rest of the params (example: see util-merge)
- [ ] Add support for contributers; package.json contributors array (like author)
- [ ] Add global example and create a example dir
- [ ] Better code detection
- [ ] Markdown
  - [ ] Link type callback to the callback
  - [ ] Split type on '|' with 'or'
- [ ] Dependencies
  - [ ] Drop Mocha and run ```gulp test``` instead in npm scripts
- [ ] Better error handling
  - [ ] Display the file and line number on parsing errors
  - [ ] Improve the message for Node's fs module

## Update
- [ ] README.md description
- [ ] package.json description
- [ ] CHANGELOG.md
- [ ] Document this project with ```Nodedoc```

## Issues
- [ ] Doesn't support variables within require call in source code
- [ ] Doesn't document exported object, can't deal with it yet

## More in individual files with @todo tag

Commit message:

Add todo cleanup comment parser

TODO.md, after:

# Todo
- [ ] HTML converter

# Cleanup
- [ ] Cleanup the mess that is comment parser

# Enchantments

- [ ] Option to ignore wrong tags
- [ ] Option to not show private (not exported) functions
- [ ] Params support for ..., meaning the rest of the params (example: see util-merge)
- [ ] Add support for contributers; package.json contributors array (like author)
- [ ] Add global example and create a example dir
- [ ] Better code detection
- [ ] Markdown
  - [ ] Link type callback to the callback
  - [ ] Split type on '|' with 'or'
- [ ] Dependencies
  - [ ] Drop Mocha and run ```gulp test``` instead in npm scripts
- [ ] Better error handling
  - [ ] Display the file and line number on parsing errors
  - [ ] Improve the message for Node's fs module

## Update
- [ ] README.md description
- [ ] package.json description
- [ ] CHANGELOG.md
- [ ] Document this project with ```Nodedoc```

## Issues
- [ ] Doesn't support variables within require call in source code
- [ ] Doesn't document exported object, can't deal with it yet

## More in individual files with @todo tag
